# JavaScript Output

[Demo: Output](demo/js_output.html)

## JavaScript Display Possibilities

jS 可以用下面四个方式 `展示` 数据

-Writing into an HTML element, using `innerHTML`.

-Writing into the HTML output using `document.write()`.

-Writing into an alert box, using `window.alert()`.

-Writing into the browser console, using `console.log()`.


## Using innerHTML

To access an HTML element, JavaScript can use the `document.getElementById(id)` method.

The id attribute defines the HTML element. The innerHTML property defines the HTML content:


## Using document.write()

**注意**: 
- Using document.write() after an HTML document is loaded, will delete all existing HTML:

- The document.write() method should **only be used for testing**.

```
<script>
document.write(5 + 6);
</script>
```

## Using window.alert()

```
<script>
window.alert(5 + 6);
</script>
```

**重点**

- You can skip the `window` keyword.

- In JavaScript, `the window object is the global scope object`. This means that variables, properties, and methods by default belong to the window object. This also means that specifying the window keyword is optional:

```
<script>
alert(5 + 6);
</script>
```

## Using console.log()

For debugging purposes, you can call the console.log() method in the browser to display data.

```
<script>
console.log(5 + 6);
</script>
```

## JavaScript Print

JavaScript does not have any print object or print methods.

You cannot access output devices from JavaScript.

The only exception is that you can call the window.print() method in the browser to print the content of the current window.

